docs/README.md, before:

# GIC Collect for IOS compatible with (Open Data Kit) ODK Collect 

# About

This is our port of the open data kit collect for IOS. Most of the functions are available. The forms developed for odk should work mostly without changes. We have been developing and testing this port for quite some time. 

Please let us know of any bugs you find when you test your forms. Also please send us your test cases that failed. We will try to address all the major issues and the issues that affect more as soon as time allows. Please add an issue on this repository including your test files if possible. We will be happy to solve issues [collect@gic.mx](mailto:collect@gic.mx) if you wish to discuss your specific needs. Also contact me to be notified of the latest version so you can test every new version we release at [collect@gic.mx](mailto:collect@gic.mx)

# Objectives

- Large compatibility of forms with ODK Collect
- Connect for upload and download of data and forms to ODK Aggregate
- Languages english and spanish
- Usage for the main cases. If you are a heavy or pro user or an NGO, Government, School, University or any other institution that needs to use this app please contact us with your needs and we'll try to help you any way we can.

# Current features

[All current features](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/GIC%20Collect%20features.html)

# Examples

[GIC Collect examples](https://github.com/dsalazarrojas/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/tree/master/examples)

# Download the app from the apple store

[https://apps.apple.com/mx/app/gic-collect/id1485932698](https://apps.apple.com/mx/app/gic-collect/id1485932698)

# Contact

Please contact me in any one of the methods below if you have questions or comments. If you'd like to review the app please drop me a line and I'll shoot you a promo code. Other than that, please enjoy the app!

Email: [collect@gic.mx](mailto:collect@gic.mx)

LinkedIn: [https://linkedin.com/in/daniel-salazar-0009742](https://linkedin.com/in/daniel-salazar-0009742)

# Keep informed of our news about the app and special offers

<!-- Begin Mailchimp Signup Form -->
<div id="mc_embed_signup">
<form action="https://github.us4.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=fd84e7b022eedaaec133c1eb0&amp;id=c204a3a1bb" method="post" id="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" name="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" class="validate" target="_blank" novalidate>
    <div id="mc_embed_signup_scroll">
	<h2>Subscribe</h2>
<div class="indicates-required"><span class="asterisk">*</span> indicates required</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-EMAIL">Email Address  <span class="asterisk">*</span>
</label>
	<input type="email" value="" name="EMAIL" class="required email" id="mce-EMAIL">
</div>
	<div id="mce-responses" class="clear">
		<div class="response" id="mce-error-response" style="display:none"></div>
		<div class="response" id="mce-success-response" style="display:none"></div>
	</div>    <!-- real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups-->
    <div style="position: absolute; left: -5000px;" aria-hidden="true"><input type="text" name="b_fd84e7b022eedaaec133c1eb0_c204a3a1bb" tabindex="-1" value=""></div>
    <div class="clear"><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" name="subscribe" id="mc-embedded-subscribe" class="button"></div>
    </div>
</form>
</div>

<!--End mc_embed_signup-->


# New features and requests

Please help us make this product better by contacting us and telling us your priorities for this app. Or help us by completing this survey online which will take less than five minutes and let us know what you need from this app.

[https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/3MT6MYT](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/3MT6MYT)

# Our professional services

We can help you with:

- Customizations to the GIC Collect for IOS or ODK Collect apps.
- Installation of servers.
- Creation and/or customization of any survey for the GIC Collect for IOS or ODK Collect apps.
- Export data directly from the Collect apps to a sql db.

[https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/3MT6MYT](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/3MT6MYT)

We are a company with experience making changes to existing surveys, developing new ones and making changes to the android version and will be able to also make changes to the ios version as well. Let us know if you need any custom work or functions on either of those two platforms. We will be happy to help you. Contact us at [collect@gic.mx](mailto:collect@gic.mx) for anything related to customizations to the gic collect or odk collect versions.

[What's new](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/What's%20new.html)
[All current features](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/GIC%20Collect%20features.html)
[Contact us](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/Contact-Us.html)
[Privacy Policy](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/Privacy-Policy.html)
[Training Course](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/GIC%20Collect%20for%20IOS%20Compatible%20with%20ODK%20Training%20Course.html)
[Manual (English)](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/GICCollectManualEnglish/ManualGICCollectEnglish.html)
[Manual (Español)](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/GICCollectManualEspanol/ManualGICCollectEspanol.html)

Commit message:

Update privacy policy and readme

docs/README.md, after:

# GIC Collect for IOS compatible with (Open Data Kit) ODK Collect 

# About

This is our port of the open data kit collect for IOS. Most of the functions are available. The forms developed for odk should work mostly without changes. We have been developing and testing this port for quite some time. 

Please let us know of any bugs you find when you test your forms. Also please send us your test cases that failed. We will try to address all the major issues and the issues that affect more as soon as time allows. Please add an issue on this repository including your test files if possible. We will be happy to solve issues [collect@gic.mx](mailto:collect@gic.mx) if you wish to discuss your specific needs. Also contact me to be notified of the latest version so you can test every new version we release at [collect@gic.mx](mailto:collect@gic.mx)

# Objectives

- Large compatibility of forms with ODK Collect
- Connect for upload and download of data and forms to ODK Aggregate
- Languages english and spanish
- Usage for the main cases. If you are a heavy or pro user or an NGO, Government, School, University or any other institution that needs to use this app please contact us with your needs and we'll try to help you any way we can.

# Current features

[All current features](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/GIC%20Collect%20features.html)

# Examples

[GIC Collect examples](https://github.com/dsalazarrojas/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/tree/master/examples)

# Download the app from the apple store

[https://apps.apple.com/mx/app/gic-collect/id1485932698](https://apps.apple.com/mx/app/gic-collect/id1485932698)

# Contact

Please contact me in any one of the methods below if you have questions or comments. If you'd like to review the app please drop me a line and I'll shoot you a promo code. Other than that, please enjoy the app!

Email: [collect@gic.mx](mailto:collect@gic.mx)

LinkedIn: [https://linkedin.com/in/daniel-salazar-0009742](https://linkedin.com/in/daniel-salazar-0009742)

# Keep informed of our news about the app and special offers

<!-- Begin Mailchimp Signup Form -->
<div id="mc_embed_signup">
<form action="https://github.us4.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=fd84e7b022eedaaec133c1eb0&amp;id=c204a3a1bb" method="post" id="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" name="mc-embedded-subscribe-form" class="validate" target="_blank" novalidate>
    <div id="mc_embed_signup_scroll">
	<h2>Subscribe</h2>
<div class="indicates-required"><span class="asterisk">*</span> indicates required</div>
<div class="mc-field-group">
	<label for="mce-EMAIL">Email Address  <span class="asterisk">*</span>
</label>
	<input type="email" value="" name="EMAIL" class="required email" id="mce-EMAIL">
</div>
	<div id="mce-responses" class="clear">
		<div class="response" id="mce-error-response" style="display:none"></div>
		<div class="response" id="mce-success-response" style="display:none"></div>
	</div>    <!-- real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups-->
    <div style="position: absolute; left: -5000px;" aria-hidden="true"><input type="text" name="b_fd84e7b022eedaaec133c1eb0_c204a3a1bb" tabindex="-1" value=""></div>
    <div class="clear"><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" name="subscribe" id="mc-embedded-subscribe" class="button"></div>
    </div>
</form>
</div>

<!--End mc_embed_signup-->


# New features and requests

Please help us make this product better by contacting us and telling us your priorities for this app. Or help us by completing this survey online which will take less than five minutes and let us know what you need from this app.

[https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/3MT6MYT](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/3MT6MYT)

# Our professional services

We can help you with:

- Customizations to the GIC Collect for IOS or ODK Collect apps.
- Installation of servers.
- Creation and/or customization of any survey for the GIC Collect for IOS or ODK Collect apps.
- Export data directly from the Collect apps to a sql db.

[https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/3MT6MYT](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/3MT6MYT)

We are a company with experience making changes to existing surveys, developing new ones and making changes to the android version and will be able to also make changes to the ios version as well. Let us know if you need any custom work or functions on either of those two platforms. We will be happy to help you. Contact us at [collect@gic.mx](mailto:collect@gic.mx) for anything related to customizations to the gic collect or odk collect versions.

# Google API Services User Data Policy (GIC Collect)

GIC Collect use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.

[What's new](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/What's%20new.html)
[All current features](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/GIC%20Collect%20features.html)
[Contact us](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/Contact-Us.html)
[Privacy Policy](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/Privacy-Policy.html)
[Training Course](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/GIC%20Collect%20for%20IOS%20Compatible%20with%20ODK%20Training%20Course.html)
[Manual (English)](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/GICCollectManualEnglish/ManualGICCollectEnglish.html)
[Manual (Español)](https://dsalazarrojas.github.io/Odk-Collect-for-IOS/GICCollectManualEspanol/ManualGICCollectEspanol.html)
